Update publishing-to-app-store.md (#617)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/flutter-publishing/publishing-to-app-store.md

{{<notebox>}}Please note that you will need to create an **app record** in App Store Connect before you can automate publishing with Codemagic. It is recommended to upload the very first version of the app manually. {{</notebox>}}

> In order to be able to test iOS apps on Apple devices, manual device UDID registration in the Apple Developer account is required or manual registration can be replaced by Codemagic automatic device registration. More information can be found [here](https://docs.codemagic.io/testing/ios-provisioning/). 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to be able to test iOS apps on Apple devices, manual device UDID registration in the Apple Developer Program account is required. Alternatively, Codemagic's automatic device registration can be used to register devices as explained [here](https://docs.codemagic.io/testing/ios-provisioning/). 
```
